HeeJin: Ta-da!
HeeJin: I'm HeeJin!
HeeJIn: It's almost 9 o'clock in the evening~
HeeJin: Choerry is preapring her filming!
HeeJin: Shall we go to see what's she doing?
(Choerry is standing behind a mirror)
Choerry: Love you!
Choerry: This is the scene...
Choerry: that I'm hiding behind this mirror~
HeeJin: Oh, really?
Choerry: Yes!
Choerry: It's very interesting!
Choerry: Take a look at this from over there, it looks like my body is disappearing.
HeeJin: Oh, really?
Choerry: Can you see it?
(It looks like a mirror magic!)
Choerry: Fighting!
HeeJin: Fighting!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Choerry - Love Cherry Motion"
HeeJin: As always, our Choerry is so beautiful
HeeJin: It seems like that she became more matrue~
HeeJin: So I think
Choerry: I should call her 'Choerry unnie'
HeeJin: Way to go!
HeeJin: Choerry!